Name: All Sky Surface Shortwave Diffuse Irradiance
Abbreviation: ALLSKY_SFC_SW_DIFF
Hourly: The diffuse (light energy scattered out of the direction of the sun) solar irradiance incident on a horizontal plane at the surface of the earth under all sky conditions.

Name: All Sky Insolation Clearness Index
Abbreviation: ALLSKY_KT
Hourly: A fraction representing clearness of the atmosphere; the all sky insolation that is transmitted through the atmosphere to strike the surface of the earth divided by the average of top of the atmosphere total solar irradiance incident.

Name: All Sky Surface Albedo
Abbreviation: ALLSKY_SRF_ALB
Hourly: The all sky rate of reflectivity of the earth's surface; the ratio of the solar energy reflected by the surface of the earth compared to the total solar energy incident reaching the surface of the earth.

Name: Integrated Solar Zenith Angle
Abbreviation: Not available
Hourly: Definition not on parameter dictionary list.

Name: Solar Zenith Angle
Abbreviation: SZA
Hourly: The angle between the geodetic zenith vector and a vector from the earth point to the sun integrated over the period.

Name: All Sky Surface PAR Total
Abbreviation: ALLSKY_SFC_PAR_TOT
Hourly: The total Photosynthetically Active Radiation (PAR) incident on a horizontal plane at the surface of the earth under all sky conditions.

Name: All Sky Surface UVA Irradiance
Abbreviation: ALLSKY_SFC_UVA
Hourly: The ultraviolet A (UVA 315nm-400nm) irradiance under all sky conditions.

Name: All Sky Surface UVB Irradiance
Abbreviation: ALLSKY_SFC_UVB
Hourly: The ultraviolet B (UVB 280nm-315nm) irradiance under all sky conditions.

Name: All Sky Surface UV Index
Abbreviation: ALLSKY_SFC_UV_INDEX
Hourly: The ultraviolet radiation exposure index.

Name: Temperature at 2 Meters
Abbreviation: T2M
Hourly: The average air (dry bulb) temperature at 2 meters above the surface of the earth.

Name: Relative Humidity at 2 Meters
Abbreviation: RH2M
Hourly: The ratio of actual partial pressure of water vapor to the partial pressure at saturation, expressed in percent.

Name: All Sky Surface Shortwave Downward Irradiance
Abbreviation: ALLSKY_SFC_SW_DWN  
Hourly: The total solar irradiance incident (direct plus diffuse) on a horizontal plane at the surface of the earth under all sky conditions. An alternative term for the total solar irradiance is the "Global Horizontal Irradiance" or GHI.

Name: Surface Pressure
Abbreviation: PS
Hourly: The average of surface pressure at the surface of the earth.

Name: Wind Direction at 10 Meters
Abbreviation: WD10M
Hourly: The average of the wind direction at 10 meters above the surface of the earth.

Name: Wind Speed at 10 Meters
Abbreviation: WS10M
Hourly: The average of wind speed at 10 meters above the surface of the earth.
